README.md, before:

# ABCO
ABCO is a mod designed to add many features to Better Combat necessary to make it a truly engaging combat experience.

# Core Features
ABCO is stock full of great features to spice up your Minecraft combat!
- Critical hits are now dependent on your combo, usually granted by the last hit in the combo.
- Critical damage is now weapon dependent, with higher attack speed weapons giving the biggest benefit.
- Some weapons are now _Versatile_, which gives them increased damage, a unique combo, and the ability to special attack.
- Two-Handed and Versatile weapons now have the ability to special attack.
- Weapons only attempt to mine if the block being targeted requires that weapon as a tool (axes and wood, swords and cobwebs)
- For mod and datapack developers, an expanded list of attributes for you to use when creating your unique weapon!

# Compatibility
As of current, ABCO is **NOT** compatible with BCE (Better Combat Extension) or Spell Engine.

# Adding Support
If your mod uses default Better Combat weapon attributes, then it should support ABCO out of the box!

If your weapon has a unique right click action AND uses default Better Combat attributes, ABCO may overwrite the right click action. To prevent this, set the `special_attacks` attribute of the weapon to an empty array. (i.e. `"special_attacks": []`)

If not, there's a very simple list of attributes you can add to your weapon attributes:
```JSON5
{
  "attributes": {
    // ...
    "critical_multiplier": 1.5,
    "versatile": false,
    "versatile_damage": 0.0,
    "versatile_pose": "",
    "versatile_attacks": [
      // ...
    ],
    "special_attacks": [
      // ...
    ]
  },
}
```
If versatile is true, your weapon attributes MUST define a valid versatile_attacks. Versatile is a weapon attribute that gives your weapon two different attack attributes based on whether or not you are two-handing your weapon. Versatile damage is _additional_ damage while using versatile and will be shown on the item tooltip.

Despite being an array, `special_attacks` does not currently support more than one attack - although this feature will be coming in the future.

Additionally, ABCO adds new Attack attributes:
```JSON5
{
  // ...
  "critical": false,
  "knockback": 0,
  "attack_speed_multiplier": 1.0,
}
```
These new attributes are mostly self-explanatory but should be powerful tools for creating unique and interesting attack combos, as well as an engaging gameplay loop. In ABCO's default datapack, most attack combos end in a critical hit.

There's no need to check for ABCO, either. If ABCO is NOT loaded, Better Combat will simply ignore these additional attributes!

# TODO:
These are a list of planned future features. These features aren't necessarily guaranteed to come to ABCO and there will be no specific release date, but they are intended.
- Duelist attribute
  - Deflect/parry-oriented weapons. Duelist weapons do not have special attacks.
- Custom heavy attack animations
- Provide weapon attributes for common mods
- Expanded weapon attributes (attack-specific range, weapon and attack-specific movement speed, etc)
- Custom scythe animations
- Bug fixes

Commit message:

Add versatile attack speed to readme.

README.md, after:

# ABCO
ABCO is a mod designed to add many features to Better Combat necessary to make it a truly engaging combat experience.

# Core Features
ABCO is stock full of great features to spice up your Minecraft combat!
- Critical hits are now dependent on your combo, usually granted by the last hit in the combo.
- Critical damage is now weapon dependent, with higher attack speed weapons giving the biggest benefit.
- Some weapons are now _Versatile_, which gives them increased damage, a unique combo, and the ability to special attack.
- Two-Handed and Versatile weapons now have the ability to special attack.
- Weapons only attempt to mine if the block being targeted requires that weapon as a tool (axes and wood, swords and cobwebs)
- For mod and datapack developers, an expanded list of attributes for you to use when creating your unique weapon!

# Compatibility
As of current, ABCO is **NOT** compatible with BCE (Better Combat Extension) or Spell Engine.

# Adding Support
If your mod uses default Better Combat weapon attributes, then it should support ABCO out of the box!

If your weapon has a unique right click action AND uses default Better Combat attributes, ABCO may overwrite the right click action. To prevent this, set the `special_attacks` attribute of the weapon to an empty array. (i.e. `"special_attacks": []`)

If not, there's a very simple list of attributes you can add to your weapon attributes:
```JSON5
{
  "attributes": {
    // ...
    "critical_multiplier": 1.5,
    "versatile": false,
    "versatile_damage": 0.0,
    "versatile_pose": "",
    "versatile_attacks": [
      // ...
    ],
    "special_attacks": [
      // ...
    ]
  },
}
```
If versatile is true, your weapon attributes MUST define a valid versatile_attacks. Versatile is a weapon attribute that gives your weapon two different attack attributes based on whether or not you are two-handing your weapon. Versatile damage is _additional_ damage while using versatile and will be shown on the item tooltip.

Despite being an array, `special_attacks` does not currently support more than one attack - although this feature will be coming in the future.

Additionally, ABCO adds new Attack attributes:
```JSON5
{
  // ...
  "critical": false,
  "knockback": 0,
  "attack_speed_multiplier": 1.0,
}
```
These new attributes are mostly self-explanatory but should be powerful tools for creating unique and interesting attack combos, as well as an engaging gameplay loop. In ABCO's default datapack, most attack combos end in a critical hit.

There's no need to check for ABCO, either. If ABCO is NOT loaded, Better Combat will simply ignore these additional attributes!

# TODO:
These are a list of planned future features. These features aren't necessarily guaranteed to come to ABCO and there will be no specific release date, but they are intended.
- Duelist attribute
  - Deflect/parry-oriented weapons. Duelist weapons do not have special attacks.
- Custom heavy attack animations
- Versatile attack speed
  - Just another lever that can make versatile weapons unique
- Provide weapon attributes for common mods
- Expanded weapon attributes (attack-specific range, weapon and attack-specific movement speed, etc)
- Custom scythe animations
- Bug fixes
